Make the start screen more professional, particularly the visual planning, smart allocation and profit projection part. I don't like the icons. 
Make sure the site matches the "how it works" section, eg, make sure it has a Buy + Sell section (which is currently called the buy section), a Buy only section (doesn't exist currently), and the sell only section (which currently already exists).

Make the "how it works" section less crowded / clutted / busy. Make it less daunting to newcomers and maximise retention and user engagement. I don't want users to feel intimidated.

Make a small button on the start screen that allows the user to skip straight to customisation mode and bypass planning

Don't use so many words in the How it works section. Say more with less words. Leverage relevant diagrams with illustrate a concept more efficiently that a bunch of words (but don't use flippant emojis. I don't want emojis in this project unless they are highly relevent at communicating a complex idea). A key concept is a) explaining linear DCA, and explaining how it is possible in orderskew, but b) explaining the benefits of using orderskew in the more aggressive mode, and explaining that having a linear value allocation strategy for buy and sell orders ends up leading to exponential quantity accumulation when prices are cheap, and exponential profit taking when prices are high. And this is even further proven if the user chooses to adopt an even more aggressive strategy, by making the capital invested increase as a curve rather than on a linear basis as rungs on the buy and sell side increase. However, also make it clear that all of this is better than simply placing a single buy and sell order, because it ensures that the user will benefit from even a smaller price movements, wheresas users may miss out if they only place a single order (ie, the market price may not reach the price of their order). It should demonstrate how the volume is symmetrical on the buy and sell rungs, but the value is not, and it should show how profit is derived in this manner. eg, if the order has 8 rungs on the buy and sell side and all 8 execute, the volume is symmetrical at each of the rungs on the buy and sell side, but the value is asymmetrical on the buy and sell side. Thus, I want you to graphically show the differential between the cumulative value obtained at symmetrical buy-sell rungs (eg, after rung 8 executes on the buy and sell side, xx% profit is achieved ($x). I've attachd screenshots here for clarity, showing the difference between the volume and value graphs. The profit is the delta of cumulative value on the value graphs, at symmetrical rungs. Lastly, make sure the how to guide explains that orderskew allows users to preplan their strategies, avoid FOMO, stress less about trading, avoid making hasty decisions at market prices, block out noise, and just let market volitity do all hard work for you. Explain that it allows the user to set and forget. You must use as few words as possible. Avoid nonsense emojis, but use diagrams thoughtfully and cleverly to illustrate concepts that require a lot of words.

On the trading plan setup, when mobile phones are being used, consider that the onscreen keyboard will appear in the bottom third of the display. Therefore, try to avoid situations whether the keyboard overlaps the sites content, especially when users need to type their input in (eg, "how much capital are you going to invest" in step 2: make all the dialog boxes appear at the top of the screen in trading plan setup when used on mobile, to ensure that the keyboard doesn't cover the area the user is trying to interact with. Otherwise, the user must scroll the screen to unmask the content covered by the on-screen keyboard).

On the main page, make sure the table doesn't cover or overlap the x-axis of the chart (shown in screenshot).

On the main page, make the projected results provide the subtotals of buy side and sell side value ($) as well as buy side and sell side volume.


Also, refactor the project into a few smaller files to enhance deveopment manageabliity. However, remember that index.html will always be the start page. Note that cloudflare expects index.html to be the main file for the website. The site is hosted at github repo https://github.com/yanniedog/orderskew but cloudflare host the site for the general public at www.orderskew.com . I need you to make sure that after the refactoring that it will still work without any issues on www.orderskew.com and that splitting it into seperate files won't lead to cloudflare thinking there is missing code.